There The Presidents recorded their version of Ross and Neil's song "Candy Man" originally recorded by Roy Orbison and Wanda Jackson and Teddy Randazzo's "Let the Sun Shine In".

K. L. Saigal was regarded as the first super star of Indian Cinema with films like President (Didi in Bengali), Devdas and Street Singer leaving an impact on Hindi film music. 

The Nissan President was a Japanese luxury limousine produced by Nissan from 1965 to 2010. 

The first generation of the Nissan President, designated H150, was introduced in October 1965, replacing the Cedric Special as Nissan's top-of-the-range model.

SS President was a British passenger liner that was the largest ship in the world when she was commissioned in 1840. 

President Township is a township in Venango County, Pennsylvania, United States. 

CEO is the solo project of Eric Berglund, previously a member of the Swedish electronic music duo The Tough Alliance and CEO of the independent label Sincerely Yours. 

CEO has also been cited as an example of an executive information system and as a decision support system. 

King is led by Riccardo Zacconi, who has served in that role since co-founding the company in 2003. 

The King Valley has a history which includes bushrangers, Chinese and Italian immigration. 

Alexander Pope's education was affected by the recently enacted Test Acts, which upheld the status of the established Church of England and banned Catholics from teaching, attending a university, voting, or holding public office on pain of perpetual imprisonment. 

Around 1711, Pope made friends with Tory writers John Gay, Jonathan Swift, Thomas Parnell and John Arbuthnot, who together formed the satirical Scriblerus Club. 

Nicknamed "The Pope", Donn Steven Pall (born January 11, 1962), was a former professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1988-1998. 

Pope, Alabama, is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama, United States. 

Pope Manufacturing Company is a manufacturer of bicycles, motorcycles and other equipment, founded by Albert Augustus Pope. 

USS Pope (DD-225) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy that served during World War II. 

Clementina Mulenga, professionally known as Cleo or Cleo Ice Queen is a Zambian born hip hop recording artist, Proflight Zambia brand ambassador, Maximum Diva Woman Condom brand ambassador, model and Television presenter. 

A queen ant (formally known as a gyne) is an adult, reproducing female ant in an ant colony; generally she will be the mother of all the other ants in that colony. 

The queen is the most powerful piece in the game of chess, able to move any number of squares vertically, horizontally or diagonally. 

A Night at the Opera is the third and final Queen album to be featured in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
