Monarch Airlines, was a British charter and scheduled low-cost airline.

Monarch is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within the Lethbridge County.

Monarch is a French doom metal band from Bayonne, formed in 2002.

Monarch tracks are quite long, roundabout 20 minutes, and to date the longest is the song "Amplifire Death March", which is 58:27 minutes long and was released in 2006 as part of a split.

Pope County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois.

Henry Pope (played by Stacy Keach) is the dedicated warden of Fox River State Penitentiary.

The Pope-Toledo was one of the makes of the Pope Motor Car Company founded by Colonel AA Pope.

Prince is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario, located within the Algoma District northwest of Sault Ste. Marie.

Alan Sanford Prince went to high school in Fairfax, Virginia, got his BA with "great distinction" from McGill University.

Arthur Prince (8 December 1902 – 1980) was an English footballer.

The Queen is a playing card with a picture of a woman on it.

Mary Jane Prince Queen (February 20, 1914 – June 29, 2007) was an American ballad singer and banjo player. 

For the white pieces, Ms. Hochman, a doll collector and author of ''The Doll Hospital Directory,'' glued the heads of Barbie dolls onto the pawns and queen, and Ken onto the king.

There are thousands of these features, like pawn strength, control of given squares and threats to the opposing king.

Maynard Mack, the Sterling Professor Emeritus of English at Yale University and a renowned expert on Shakespeare and Alexander Pope, died on Saturday at his home in New Haven.

An article in Weekend on Oct. 8 about the Isaac Newton exhibition at the New York Public Library included the library's misstatement of part of a couplet by Alexander Pope.

A picture in Science Times on Tuesday with an article about the loss of habitat for the monarch butterfly showed an incorrect species.

FROM mid-September through early November, about 300 million monarch butterflies flit and flutter from Canada and the northern United States to their winter homes in California and Mexico.

Mr. Pope described the congressman as ''one of the two heroes'' in winning his release in December after he was convicted of espionage.

Mr. Pope is only the second American in 40 years to be convicted of espionage in Russia.

Mr. Pope retired from the Navy in 1977 with the rank of captain, after serving 21 years.
